Archtypes:
    Bard:
        Combat Caster
            Does not require an empty hand to cast magic
            #TODO no changes
        Dervish
            Equipment costs are doubled.
            Each Verbal purchased gives double the uses.
            #TODO overide spell cost and frequency
        Legend:
            Each Extension purchased gives double the uses.
            Swift may not be purchased or used.
            #TODO overide spell frequency, set swift visible=false
    Druid:
        Avatar of Nature:
            All the casters Enchantments of level 4 and below are now range Self instead of their previous range. Does not apply to Golem.
            #TODO override spell range
        Ranger:
            he cost of all available Equipment is reduced to zero points.
            May use bows so long as a shield is not carried.
            The cost of all Enchantments is doubled.
            #TODO override spell cost
        Summoner:
            Each Enchantment purchased gives double the uses.
            May not purchase Verbals with a range other than Touch or Self.
            May not purchase equipment beyond 2nd level.
            #TODO override spell frequency, set visible=false
    Healer:
        Necromancer:
            All magic purchased in the Death School becomes Charge x3.
            You may have a combined total of five active Greater Undead Minion and Undead Minion Enchantments.
	        You may not purchase any Enchantments from the Protection School.
	        #TODO override spell frequency, spell limit, set visible=false
        Priest:
            Meta-magic may only be used on Spirit magics.
            All Meta-Magics purchased become 1/Life Charge x3.
            Heal costs zero points.
            #TODO override spell frequency, spell cost, color code school?
        Warder:
            Each Enchantment purchased in the Protection School gives double the uses.
            Player may not purchase any magic from the Death, Command, or Subdual Schools.
            #TODO override spell freq, visibility
    Wizard:
        Battlemage:
            Use of Ambulant becomes unlimited.
            May not purchase Enchantments or Magic Balls.
            #TODO override spellfreq, visibility
        Evoker:
            Verbals purchased may only be of range Touch or Self.
            Elemental Barrage becomes Charge x10.
            Elemental Barrage must still be purchased.
            #TODO override visibility, frequency
        Warlock:
            Each Verbal purchased in the Death and Flame Schools gives double the uses.
            Player may not purchase Verbals from any School other than the Death and Flame Schools.
            #TODO override frequency, visibility